README.md, before:

# HCS08 Architecture Plugin for Binary Ninja
A Binary Ninja architecture plugin providing support for the HCS08 family of instructions.

## Overview
This architecture plugin provides support for the disassembling and lifting of HCS08 instructions.

### Features
- Full disassembly support for the HCS08 family of instructions
- Partial lifting to Binary Ninja's low level IL
- Testing for proper info/text generation

## Installation
### Manual Build and Installation
#### Prerequisites
- Binary Ninja (minimum version: `5.1.8104`)
- CMake 3.15 or higher
- C++20 compatible compiler
- Google Test (pulled in automatically via CMake during build)

#### Build from Source & Install
```bash
# Clone the binja API
git clone https://github.com/Vector35/binaryninja-api.git
cd binaryninja-api

# Set up CMake files
echo -e "\nadd_subdirectory(plugins)" >> CMakeLists.txt
echo -e "\nadd_subdirectory(hcs08)" >> plugins/CMakeLists.txt

# Download HCS08 architecture source
cd plugins
git clone https://github.com/idaholab/bn-hcs08-arch.git
cd ..

# Build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release -DHEADLESS=yes .
cmake --build . --target all -j

# Install
cp out/bin/libhcs08.so ~/.binaryninja/plugins/libhcs08.so
```

## Usage
### Opening Files
1. Open Binary Ninja and select "Open with Options..."
2. Under "Load Options", set your entry point offset and image base
3. Choose `hcs08` from the "Platform" dropdown menu
4. Open the binary file and wait for auto-analysis to complete

> Note that you may need to manually define functions or customize your binary view for the file to load properly

## Development
### Building for Development
To build with debug symbols, follow the instructions above to build from source but change the build type to debug:
```bash
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debug -DHEADLESS=yes .
```

## Testing
This architecture supports testing for some instruction info and text generation. See the `*_test.cpp` files for details.
A test binary named `hcs08_architecture_test` is automatically created in the project directory when building. 
To run the tests, simply execute this binary. We welcome additional pull requests to further enhance this test suite!

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a [Pull Request](https://github.com/idaholab/bn-hcs08-arch/pulls)

## Limitations
While every effort was made to ensure the accuracy of this plugin, you may still encounter bugs such as:
- Improperly disassembled instructions
- Missing instructions
- Typos

If you encounter a bug, please consider opening an issue or pull request!

Additionally, not all instructions have been lifted to LLIL. We welcome pull requests to help complete this task!

## Resources
- [Binary Ninja C++ API Documentation](https://api.binary.ninja/cpp/index.html)
- [HCS08 Instruction Set Reference](https://physics.mcmaster.ca/phys4d06/MCU/MC9S08/HCS08RMV1%20Reference%20Manual.pdf)

## License
Licensed under MIT.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Credits
Please see the [NOTICE](NOTICE.txt) file for details.

## Support
If you encounter issues with this repository, please create an [issue](https://github.com/idaholab/bn-st10-arch/issues).

Commit message:

Update README.md with binary download instructions

README.md, after:

# HCS08 Architecture Plugin for Binary Ninja
A Binary Ninja architecture plugin providing support for the HCS08 family of instructions.

## Overview
This architecture plugin provides support for the disassembling and lifting of HCS08 instructions.

### Features
- Full disassembly support for the HCS08 family of instructions
- Partial lifting to Binary Ninja's low level IL
- Testing for proper info/text generation

## Installation
### Binary Download
The easiest way to use this plugin is to download and install a pre-compiled release binary.
1. Dowload the shared library corresponding to your OS/arch from the latest [GitHub Release](https://github.com/idaholab/bn-hcs08-arch/releases)
2. Copy the downloaded binary to your Binary Ninja plugin directory (e.g. `~/.binarynina/plygins/`)
3. Start Binary Ninja

### Manual Build and Installation
#### Prerequisites
- Binary Ninja (minimum version: `5.1.8104`)
- CMake 3.15 or higher
- C++20 compatible compiler
- Google Test (pulled in automatically via CMake during build)

#### Build from Source & Install
```bash
# Clone the binja API
git clone https://github.com/Vector35/binaryninja-api.git
cd binaryninja-api

# Set up CMake files
echo -e "\nadd_subdirectory(plugins)" >> CMakeLists.txt
echo -e "\nadd_subdirectory(hcs08)" >> plugins/CMakeLists.txt

# Download HCS08 architecture source
cd plugins
git clone https://github.com/idaholab/bn-hcs08-arch.git
cd ..

# Build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release -DHEADLESS=yes .
cmake --build . --target all -j

# Install
cp out/bin/libhcs08.so ~/.binaryninja/plugins/libhcs08.so
```

## Usage
### Opening Files
1. Open Binary Ninja and select "Open with Options..."
2. Under "Load Options", set your entry point offset and image base
3. Choose `hcs08` from the "Platform" dropdown menu
4. Open the binary file and wait for auto-analysis to complete

> Note that you may need to manually define functions or customize your binary view for the file to load properly

## Development
### Building for Development
To build with debug symbols, follow the instructions above to build from source but change the build type to debug:
```bash
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debug -DHEADLESS=yes .
```

## Testing
This architecture supports testing for some instruction info and text generation. See the `*_test.cpp` files for details.
A test binary named `hcs08_architecture_test` is automatically created in the project directory when building. 
To run the tests, simply execute this binary. We welcome additional pull requests to further enhance this test suite!

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a [Pull Request](https://github.com/idaholab/bn-hcs08-arch/pulls)

## Limitations
While every effort was made to ensure the accuracy of this plugin, you may still encounter bugs such as:
- Improperly disassembled instructions
- Missing instructions
- Typos

If you encounter a bug, please consider opening an issue or pull request!

Additionally, not all instructions have been lifted to LLIL. We welcome pull requests to help complete this task!

## Resources
- [Binary Ninja C++ API Documentation](https://api.binary.ninja/cpp/index.html)
- [HCS08 Instruction Set Reference](https://physics.mcmaster.ca/phys4d06/MCU/MC9S08/HCS08RMV1%20Reference%20Manual.pdf)

## License
Licensed under MIT.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Credits
Please see the [NOTICE](NOTICE.txt) file for details.

## Support
If you encounter issues with this repository, please create an [issue](https://github.com/idaholab/bn-st10-arch/issues).
